bpo-6634: [doc] clarify that sys.exit() does not always exit the interpreter (#31639)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sys.rst

.. function:: exit([arg])

>    Exit from Python.  If called in the main thread, this raises the :exc:`SystemExit`

Reviewer: I think this always raises SystemExit, just the impact of that changes. (Check the code).

‘Exit from Python.’ Can be removed (it doesn’t always).

   exception, so cleanup actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try`
   statements are honored, and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at
   an outer level. When called from a thread other than the main thread, this
   causes the thread to exit silently, nothing is printed and is equivalent to calling

>    :func:`thread.exit`.

Reviewer: Have you verified this (through testing or from the code)?

Author: I tried with a sample code. Exception is raised from both main and non-primary thread. The doc is updated. Please review.

Author: The edit looks good. Thanks.

.. function:: exit([arg])

>    This is implemented by raising the :exc:`SystemExit` exception, so cleanup 
>    actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try` statements are honored, 
>    and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at an outer level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Raise a :exc:`SystemExit` exception, signaling an intention to exit the interpreter.
   Cleanup actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try` statements are honored, 
   and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at an outer level. 
```

>    and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at an outer level. 

Reviewer: I'd move the second sentence ("Cleanup...") down - just after the sentence that ends in line 471.

Author: Yup. The document is updated. please review.

   Since :func:`exit` ultimately "only" raises an exception, it will only exit
   the process when called from the main thread, and the exception is not

>    intercepted.  Cleanup actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try` statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   intercepted. Cleanup actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try` statements
```

   Since :func:`exit` ultimately "only" raises an exception, it will only exit
   the process when called from the main thread, and the exception is not
   intercepted.  Cleanup actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try` statements

>    are honored, and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at an outer level. 
>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   are honored, and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at an outer level.

```

   the process when called from the main thread, and the exception is not

>    intercepted.
> 
>    Cleanup actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try` statements are honored, 
>    and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at an outer level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   intercepted.  Cleanup actions specified by finally clauses of :keyword:`try` statements
   are honored, and it is possible to intercept the exit attempt at an outer level. 
```
